It’s hard to believe
that it’s been almost a decade
since that first release in 2012.
In that time,
the Become Jehovah’s Friend  series
has proved to be a real gift from Jehovah.
Through these Bible lessons,
children can learn to be kind,
to be honest,
to be respectful,
and to develop other godly qualities
that help them see and obey
“the One who is invisible.”
How can we begin to understand
the far-reaching impact
this series has had on Christian families?
We’re going to let Christian parents tell
how these videos have helped their children
to become Jehovah’s friend.
Kady-Ann had a really hard time
working together with the older brothers
and sisters in the congregation.
I had a really hard time because
they’re kind of slow.
But Lesson 25: Making Friends
was just what I needed.
We spent a few weeks discussing the videos
during our Family Worship evening.
The videos helped her to be more open-minded
—to be more respectful
to the elderly brothers and sisters
and want to work with them in field service.
Sophia liked chatting with Sister Elsa,
even though she’s so old.
So I can do that too.
These videos strengthened
my relationship with Jehovah.
I know that he hasn’t forgotten me
as a single parent.
It can be so hard for single parents
because they are trying to take on
the role of both parents.
I got baptized because I love Jehovah
with my whole heart.
Jehovah still loves me,
even though I’m made from dust,
and I’m so little.
He took some of the weight off my shoulders.
Laura,
our middle child,
was perfectly healthy
until she turned four years old.
That’s when she was diagnosed
with a rare tumor
in her central nervous system.
Unfortunately, when the treatment was over,
Laura passed away.
Even while she was sick,
she just loved watching the videos.
Her favorite one was Let’s Go in Service.
This video really made her
want to talk about Jehovah.
During the time that she was receiving
chemotherapy treatments,
which lowered her immunity,
we couldn’t even leave the house with her.
But sometimes we’d bring her
to get a checkup or get an exam done,
and the doctor would say
that everything was fine for now
—that her immunity was OK.
And the very first thing
that she’d say to the doctor was,
“So I can go in the ministry, right?”
And the doctor would laugh and say,
“Sure you can.”
And our family would take advantage
of those times
to go in field service together as a family
—all together.
That made Laura so happy.
It does us good to remember
why the Become Jehovah’s Friend  series
was created.
These videos were not designed
as mere entertainment
to simply pacify children
for a short period of time.
These lessons were designed to help children
build a relationship with Jehovah
so that they can live and serve him forever.
Jehovah loves children.
That love was evident
in how his Son, Jesus Christ,
treated children.
The Governing Body shares that love as well.
Also,
Jehovah loves Christian parents.
He sees how hard you work to impress
a love for God deep in your child’s heart.
No doubt you look forward to sharing
every new video with your child
to help him learn
to love and respect Jehovah,
Jesus, and God’s Word.
But more important,
how do you think Jehovah feels
knowing that a young child
can come to know him
through this animated series
and grow up to become his dedicated servant?
That is truly special.
We will continue to pray
that this series reaches the hearts
of our young ones
and draws them closer to Jehovah
—their Friend now and forever.